[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time
tatianna knows that I've updated my
website five times in the past four
years she is going to leave her
company's website overhaul this year and
this is her first time taking out a
project like this so she asked me what
she needs to pay attention to before she
starts I asked her if this is a complete
overhaul or a partial overhaul she told
me that a company is a start-up it has
grown really fast they have not
refreshed the website for over a year
but the seal wants to refresh the
homepage products and the customer pages
so here are the four elements I'd
totally honour to focus on number one
design 2 content number 3 SEO for site
migration obviously there are many
elements that machine needs to pay
attention to but I prioritize these four
as a key focal point so here it is
number one design I went to a company's
web site since this is partial overhaul
I asked her if the company is interested
in the big overhaul in the near future
if they are are they thinking about
updating the current design element the
current design is very photo stockage
and a businesslike are they looking into
being more icon driven like Dropbox
website or the video sharing company
lunes website I told her that design is
a business decision does the company
want to refresh the home products and
customer pages using the same design
elements or choose a completely
different look and feel well it's
important to have that discussion now I
told her based on my past experience
working in a big corporation management
cares about design wouldn't
and copywriting perhaps because it's
visual and also is easier to critique
everyone always has something to say
about design and she needs to be
prepared for that the next is content
her site has a lot of content but she's
not touching the resource library at
this time but if she does she should use
that opportunity to do a complete
content audit delete the old content
refresh and update content that is still
relevant categorize content based on
customer journeys by his persona product
solution and even industry verticals she
asked me if she should evaluate content
by most views most popular most download
or whatnot
I told her she can't do that but bear in
mind that you know all the data that she
poll is going to be a historical data
most popular content may be found back
in 2015 most downloaded may be a piece
of content for the product that is no
longer exist so le end of the day
content cleanup can be manual and
subjective tools can help to some extent
but human needs to make the final
decisions and it takes effort and time
to do it right
number three SEO you can overhaul the
website without SEO it's important to
understand keyword lists and how
customers search and cooperate these
words and phrases into copywriting and
the content it's important to work with
someone or an agency who has SEO
expertise period and there's no shortcut
you cannot not to have xeo as a part of
website overhaul lastly site migration I
told her that I spend at least six to
eight weeks after the new site was
launched cleaning up and updating broken
links this is especially true if you
decide to retire a big chunk of content
many content pieces are interlinked you
need to run Mars or other similar tools
to check the broken links and a40 for
I told her that she needs to set aside
time and a budget for that she also need
to educate internal stakeholders which
is said of a clear expectation of front
that when new site is launched it
doesn't mean the website is done the
reality is that more work is ahead to
ensure SEO and all links are working
properly
I told Tatyana that a site is really
never done one way or another there is
always something that we need to work on
or fix software is updated on a regular
basis so is the website I love to hear
your lesson learned when you are done
Tatiana
just to compare notes and best of luck
with your website overhaul all right you
know where to find me send me your
questions or thought again if you like
the podcast a quick reminder please
leave a comment on iTunes and keep
hustling my friends you've got this
[Music]